W-11406774-Explanation of the Try scope example modified. (#2286)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/intro-error-handlers.adoc

image::error-handling-try.png[Try Scope]

> In the above example, an on error propagate handler is configured to propagate database connection errors, causing the `Try` to fail and the flow's error handler to execute. An on error continue handler is configured to deal with any other error. Therefore, the Try scope execution is considered successful, meaning that the flow execution continues with the next processor, an HTTP request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, an on error propagate handler is configured to propagate database connection errors, causing the `Try` to fail and the flow's error handler to execute. 
An on error continue handler is configured to deal with any other error. The Try scope’s execution is considered successful for that case, which means that the flow’s execution continues with the next processor, an HTTP request.

```

image::error-handling-try.png[Try Scope]

> In the above example, On Error Propagate component is configured to propagate database connection errors, causing the `try` to fail and the flow's error handler to execute.

Reviewer 2: According to our guidelines: Because documentation is presented on many different types of devices with various amounts of visible space, replace references to text or graphical elements that are "above" or "below" in the narrative flow with "previous" and "following":

Suggestion: In the previous example

image::error-handling-try.png[Try Scope]

> In the above example, an on error propagate handler is configured to propagate database connection errors, causing the `Try` to fail and the flow's error handler to execute. 

Reviewer 3: On Error Propagate component. 

See the docs for the appropriate spelling and capitalization. 

`Try` -> Try scope

Author: Got it! Txs!!

> An on error continue handler is configured to deal with any other error. The Try scope’s execution is considered successful for that case, which means that the flow’s execution continues with the next processor, an HTTP request.

Reviewer 3: something like this to capture the official name and spelling of the components:

```suggestion
On Error Continue component is configured to handle any other error. The Try scope’s execution is successful for that case, which means that the flow’s execution continues with the next processor, an HTTP Request operation.
```

See the On Error component docs for the exact spelling. And for the HTTP Request operation, see the connector docs for the HTTP connector docs.

Reviewer 3: https://docs.mulesoft.com/mule-runtime/4.4/on-error-scope-concept 

https://docs.mulesoft.com/http-connector/1.7/http-request-ref

Author: Making the changes. Thank you, Duke!
